president danilo medina gave the
first piebald building a
liquefied natural gas terminal in san
pedro de macorís the work will be lifted
by the business consortium until jean
gas ltd conformed by companies
coastal propagas and tropigás own
ipsom inter energy wv it is a
project whose investment is estimated
superior to 13 billion pesos
and that will allow the production of
important savings for the country to
get gas at competitive prices and with
guaranteed supplies
rolando gonzález-bunster member of the
Board of Directors of until jan gas ltd
expressed that the work will allow the
transformation of more than 1,000
megawatts of generation when using a
cheaper and cleaner fuel that is
will translate into lower prices than
would also have a capacity to
storage of 127 thousand cubic meters
and would receive more than a million
metric tons of natural gas
liquefied per year
ah
and that's price to impact
enormously
the conversions for those plants
only
of saving for the state are 10 to 12
million
while the executive vice president of
the Dominican corporation of companies
state electric
rubén jiménez bichara said that the
implementation of this draft
conservation and utilization of gas
natural in the park of san pedro de
Macorís as a whole about 950
megawatts is a great proposal
importance by virtue of the impact of
public finance project the
stability and improvement of
Dominican electrical system
the expected results of the project
conversion of the macorís park through
the installation of a terminal
product accompanied by the guarantee of
supply of natural gas
continue the prices reference to the
genius said máynez is a combination in
the time of factors that hardly
can be repeated
the facilities of the facilities
for export leave to your great
other united states indicate that we are
in the right scenario to establish
the conditions that allow to perform
long-term supplies contracts
of natural gas adapted for reference
nine is the simple observation of the
trend of technological changes but
latin america to use the gas
natural comfort the challenge of increasing
the competitive ability of the country something
that would directly contribute the strong
execution of the present project by the
reduction of generation costs
electrical energy in that sense the
businessman dissimilar john 's advice
manager expressed satisfaction and
pride that he said he felt when starting a
project he had told the first
agent that would be implemented and
that with him the conversion starts
gas in san pedro de macorís that
will allow a contribution to the strategy
national development with a view to 2030
to consolidate many of these
electrical projects
and what the republic will offer
the indispensable tool that
needs to be acquired at the push
industrial industry that the world has
experienced
for 100 years in about
about 18 months president
you will be able to inaugurate some
infrastructures that will take almost 100
megawatts of electrical capacity in
cold they say natural and natural gas to
also a turbine takes us over
400 megawatts combined cycle factory
of the United States of North America
that only with his weight the eyes gives me gas
natural to be able to support this terminal
assuring a good part of the
fuel to which this terminal is
commits to acquire from the company
American exporter called Chinese
in salt in peace